Add network policy examples (#188)
SAP/stewardci-core: docs/examples/network_profile/README.md

> # Network profile examples

Reviewer: Use title case

Author: Done

> To run this examples you need to [create a Tenant](../README.md#tenant) and [set the environment variable](../README.md#pipelinerun) `TENANT_NAMESPACE` accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run these examples you need to [create a Tenant](../README.md#tenant) and [set the environment variable](../README.md#pipelinerun) `TENANT_NAMESPACE` accordingly.

```

## Valid profile configuration

To run these examples apply `profiles.yaml` to your Steward system namespace, e.g. `steward-system`:

```
kubectl -n steward-system apply -f profiles.yaml
```

### Network profile with internet access

This example pipeline run uses a network profile which allows internet access.

```
kubectl -n  $TENANT_NAMESPACE apply -f pipelinerun_network_internet.yaml
```

The result is a successful run.
```
NAME                             STARTED   FINISHED   STATUS     RESULT          MESSAGE
network-profile-internet-qgqvf   **        **         finished   success         Pipeline completed with result: SUCCESS
```

> ### Network profile with no network access

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Network profile without network access

```

> This example pipeline run uses a network profile which allows no network access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example pipeline run uses a network profile which blocks any network communication.

```

```
kubectl -n  $TENANT_NAMESPACE apply -f pipelinerun_network_blocked.yaml
```

The result is a run failing with a content error.

```
NAME                             STARTED   FINISHED   STATUS     RESULT          MESSAGE
network-profile-blocked-qgjfp    **        **         finished   error_content   Command ['git' 'clone' 'https://github.com/SAP-samples/stewardci-example-pipelines' '.'] failed w...
```

> ### Network profile with unknown profile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Unknown network profile

```

This example pipeline run tries to use a nonexistent network profile.

```
kubectl -n  $TENANT_NAMESPACE apply -f pipelinerun_network_unknown.yaml
```

The pipeline run result is `error_config`, which indicates that the pipeline run specification was erroneous.

```
NAME                             STARTED   FINISHED   STATUS     RESULT          MESSAGE
network-profile-unknown-9p8v8    **        **         finished   error_config    ERROR: preparing failed ...
```

## Invalid profile configuration

> If the definition of the network profile config map is inconsistent (e.g. not existing default profile), all pipeline runs will fail with result `error_infra`.

Reviewer: We should mention the effect of feature flag `RetryOnInvalidPipelineRunsConfig`.

Author: Done

> To run this example apply `profiles.yaml_inconsistent.yaml` to your Steward system namespace, e.g.:
> 
> ```
> kubectl -n steward-system apply -f profiles.yaml_inconsistent.yaml
> kubectl -n  $TENANT_NAMESPACE apply -f pipelinerun_network_internet.yaml
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
To run this example apply `profiles_inconsistent.yaml` to your Steward system namespace, e.g.:

```
kubectl -n steward-system apply -f profiles_inconsistent.yaml
kubectl -n  "$TENANT_NAMESPACE" apply -f pipelinerun_network_internet.yaml
```

````

# Network Profile Examples

To run these examples you need to [create a Tenant](../README.md#tenant) and [set the environment variable](../README.md#pipelinerun) `TENANT_NAMESPACE` accordingly.

## Valid profile configuration

To run these examples apply `profiles.yaml` to your Steward system namespace, e.g. `steward-system`:

```
kubectl -n steward-system apply -f profiles.yaml
```

### Network profile with internet access

This example pipeline run uses a network profile which allows internet access.

```

> kubectl -n  $TENANT_NAMESPACE apply -f pipelinerun_network_internet.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kubectl -n "$TENANT_NAMESPACE" apply -f pipelinerun_network_internet.yaml

```

Author: fixed

```

The result is a successful run.
```
NAME                             STARTED   FINISHED   STATUS     RESULT          MESSAGE
network-profile-internet-qgqvf   **        **         finished   success         Pipeline completed with result: SUCCESS
```

### Network profile without network access

This example pipeline run uses a network profile which blocks any network communication.

```

> kubectl -n  $TENANT_NAMESPACE apply -f pipelinerun_network_blocked.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kubectl -n "$TENANT_NAMESPACE" apply -f pipelinerun_network_blocked.yaml

```

Author: fixed

network-profile-blocked-qgjfp    **        **         finished   error_content   Command ['git' 'clone' 'https://github.com/SAP-samples/stewardci-example-pipelines' '.'] failed w...
```

### Unknown network profile

This example pipeline run tries to use a nonexistent network profile.

```
kubectl -n  $TENANT_NAMESPACE apply -f pipelinerun_network_unknown.yaml
```

The pipeline run result is `error_config`, which indicates that the pipeline run specification was erroneous.

```
NAME                             STARTED   FINISHED   STATUS     RESULT          MESSAGE
network-profile-unknown-9p8v8    **        **         finished   error_config    ERROR: preparing failed ...
```

## Invalid profile configuration

If the definition of the network profile config map is inconsistent (e.g. not existing default profile), all pipeline runs will fail with result `error_infra`. This behaviour could be changed by the [feature flag RetryOnInvalidPipelineRunsConfig](../../../charts/steward/README.md#list-of-defined-feature-flags).

To run this example apply `profiles_inconsistent.yaml` to your Steward system namespace, e.g.:

```
kubectl -n steward-system apply -f profiles_inconsistent.yaml

> kubectl -n  "$TENANT_NAMESPACE" apply -f pipelinerun_network_internet.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kubectl -n "$TENANT_NAMESPACE" apply -f pipelinerun_network_internet.yaml

```

Author: fixed
